and I imagine that everyone will have
followed the brazil 2014 world cup and
Ozawa drew attention in Walqa
us that most of the
elections had several players that
in his socks were some dots
of the color of the average
we have investigated we have
realized that it is one of the
most important innovations this year
in terms of sports equipment that I
be boots or gloves and it's about
special socks that allow us
that when we have no boots on
we suffer new major discomforts that
may exist that is that our foot will
move inside the boot so that a
brand called truck shops has designed
some special socks
anti-skid that we're going to pass to
detail below
the sock of your socks is one of the
most technical socks on the market already
not only for the gel pills
Anti-slip they have in the plant
of the foot but by the construction of the
own sock is a studied sock
to serve the needs of a
soccer player so they have played
a lot with the thicknesses and the level of
fit both in the area of ​​the cane as
especially in the area of ​​the plant
foot that is to say we find ourselves with a
cane with a quite pretty thickness
important enough had at the foot and
when we go to the foot zone of the
area that is directly going to
bring play sensations to the fabric
decreases that is one third more
fine especially in the bridge area
of the foot in the instep area which is the
that is going to hit the ball and yes that
get a little more thick both
in the heel as in the area of ​​the
finger tips now we do not have a
sock that did not have these
Anti-slip areas would already be a big
casting for the footballer but what
really makes the difference is all
this anti-slip zone that we see so much
in the heel area as in the plant
of the foot and in the toe and that although we
it seems that it is also in the area
outer sock this
It is a decorative area that will help us
to give brand image and to be seen from
outside we're using a true box
sox these these anti-slip gels
no matter how much we use the sock for more
that we will do it in no time
they come off in no time lose
properties and adhere completely
as if it were Velcro on the boot when
we have the foot tucked inside any
action we make change of address
braking is very annoying to notice that
move that little slip that
there's the cafeteria especially with this
new inside the boot minimizes
our feelings with the cafeteria true
shops and also this brand has thought very
well the needs of the footballer and not
has designed the sock only for
train if we open the box we see some
instructions on how to use this
sock also for matches
adapting the average of our team of
football to the properties of the sock
true shocks in the packaging itself
three shocks give us five singles
steps to be able to manufacture us a
sock true party shops
[Music]
the first step is to put on the sock
of true shop always has to go from
First
we would go to a second step where
choose the size of our team and
cut the excess element cut in
the foot area the area that goes to
replace the sock directly on
sock true socks
[Music]
once done this we put the average
above already covering the shin guard
in the fourth step we have to put the
average always above the sock
that is, the average has to cover the
part of union of the sock and finally
with a tape or some tape that you
put the tape is the most appropriate
your point of activity we cover the
union in such a way that aesthetically
we have an average of a single piece
but we are really using a
sock true shock without losing to a
informed that they will demand us in
our team to carry the average then
with the sponsor's logo or the shield
of the club
You already know the properties of the sock
that is revolutionizing the world of
football is no longer going to be necessary that you
you look at the template you bring in
your soccer boots or in buying us
some templates apart because with this
catering you will have a feeling
perfect during the most actions
aggressive of your game and remember
that as always you have in our
puntocom soloporteros website
[Music]
[Applause]